com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/ItemNewsPreviewBinding.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.ItemNewsPreviewBinding
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/FragmentAddNewsBinding.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentAddNewsBinding
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/view/AddNewsFragmentArgs.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.view.AddNewsFragmentArgs
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.view.AddNewsFragmentArgs$1
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.view.AddNewsFragmentArgs$Builder
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/FragmentCompareBinding.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentCompareBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/CustomToolbarBinding.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.CustomToolbarBinding
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/DialogSettingBinding.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.DialogSettingBinding
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/FragmentCompareBindingImpl.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentCompareBindingImpl
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentCompareBindingImpl$1
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentCompareBindingImpl$2
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentCompareBindingImpl$3
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentCompareBindingImpl$4
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentCompareBindingImpl$5
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/FragmentAddBindingImpl.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentAddBindingImpl
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/generated/callback/OnItemClickListener.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.generated.callback.OnItemClickListener
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.generated.callback.OnItemClickListener$Listener
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/ItemNewsSettingBindingImpl.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.ItemNewsSettingBindingImpl
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/database/dao/KeywordDao_Impl.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.database.dao.KeywordDao_Impl
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.database.dao.KeywordDao_Impl$1
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.database.dao.KeywordDao_Impl$2
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.database.dao.KeywordDao_Impl$3
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.database.dao.KeywordDao_Impl$4
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.database.dao.KeywordDao_Impl$5
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/DialogSettingBindingImpl.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.DialogSettingBindingImpl
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/view/AddFragmentArgs.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.view.AddFragmentArgs
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.view.AddFragmentArgs$1
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.view.AddFragmentArgs$Builder
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/view/AddFragmentDirections.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.view.AddFragmentDirections
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.view.AddFragmentDirections$1
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.view.AddFragmentDirections$ActionAddFragmentToAddNewsFragment
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/CustomToolbarBindingImpl.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.CustomToolbarBindingImpl
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/FragmentNewsBindingImpl.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentNewsBindingImpl
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/ItemNewsPreviewBindingImpl.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.ItemNewsPreviewBindingImpl
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/ItemAcntBinding.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.ItemAcntBinding
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/generated/callback/OnRefreshListener.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.generated.callback.OnRefreshListener
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.generated.callback.OnRefreshListener$Listener
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/ItemAcntBindingImpl.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.ItemAcntBindingImpl
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/BuildConfig.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.BuildConfig
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/view/SettingFragmentDirections.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.view.SettingFragmentDirections
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/FragmentAddNewsBindingImpl.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentAddNewsBindingImpl
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentAddNewsBindingImpl$1
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentAddNewsBindingImpl$2
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentAddNewsBindingImpl$3
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentAddNewsBindingImpl$4
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/ItemLoadingBindingImpl.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.ItemLoadingBindingImpl
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/ItemNewsSettingBinding.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.ItemNewsSettingBinding
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/BR.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.BR
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/ItemLoadingBinding.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.ItemLoadingBinding
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/FragmentNewsBinding.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentNewsBinding
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/databinding/FragmentAddBinding.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.databinding.FragmentAddBinding
com/ktyoung/chickenstock/database/KeywordDatabase_Impl.java
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.database.KeywordDatabase_Impl
 com.ktyoung.chickenstock.database.KeywordDatabase_Impl$1
